
Checked into the CVS repository, and autoconfed, by Norman Gray, March 2004.

The original distribution tarball was checked in, and tagged with
prm-initial-import, then unneeded files were removed.  These include
mk and makefile.

Fortran include files were changed to uppercase (eg, num_dec_cvt ->
NUM_DEC_CVT), and some platform dependencies fixed at this stage by
creating NUM_CMN.fpp, NUM_DEF_D.fpp, NUM_DEF_R.fpp and
NUM_DEF_CVT.fpp, which are turned into the corresponding include files
by calls to a Fortran preprocessor within Makefile.am

The platform-dependent files lib_establish.f_* and lib_revert.f_* are
implementations of VMS system functions LIB$ESTABLISH and LIB$REVERT.
They are mentioned in passing in sun39, but nowhere else, including
the original makefile.  I've left them checked in, but they're not
built.

The num_han.c_* functions are significantly different from each other.
I'm not sure how different these _have_ to be, but it is clear that
different platforms have very different support for turning
(standardised) floating-point exceptions into SIGFPE, or not.  This is
genuine platform-dependency rather than compiler- or unix-dependency,
so we're probably stuck with these files.  I've added a default one,
which (rather like the original _ix68_Linux file) does nothing.  The
original files were a bit of a mess, in fact, since even two files
which have almost the same functionality --
num_han.c_{alpha_OSF1,ix86_Linux} both do nearly nothing -- have
significant differences in comments, some of which apply to different
systems from the one the filename suggests.

Replacements (the originals have been removed, though they're still
accessible in the repository Attic, with the tag prm-initial-import):
    num_han.c_alpha_OSF1 -> num_han.c_dec_osf
    num_han.c_mips -> num_han.cmips
    num_han.c_sun4_Solaris -> num_han.c_sun_solaris
    num_han.c_sun4 -> num_han.c_sun
num_han.c_ix86_Linux removed (though it's identical in functionality
to num_han.cdefault).

NUM_DEF_CVT: this replaces the original distribution's set of files
num_def_cvt_X, for X in {alpha_OSF1, ix86_Linux, mips, sun4
sun4_Solaris}.  These files had some puzzling features, probably
related to their history.  The floating-to-integer functions are
documented to round, and to produce integers rather than reals, so
they should be implemented using the NINT intrinsic.  The sun4 and
sun4_Solaris originals used ANINT for some reason: I presume this was
either an error, or the result of some (long ago?) limitation on the
part of the Sun compiler.  At any rate, these now use NINT if it's
available, and ANINT only if necessary, with the determination of
what's available being done in configure.ac, expressed in config.h,
and the NUM_DEF_CVT.fpp being run through the Fortran preprocessor to
produce the result.

This file also uses the VMS intrinsics JZEXT and IZEXT if they are
available (configure.ac tests for IZEXT, and if it's present
presumes that the other VMS intrinsics are also).  If not, they
must be defined in the module num1_cvt.c instead.  That num1_cvt.c is
now platform-independent, inasmuch as it's unconditionally built, and
configured using config.h.  The num1_cvt.c_ix86_Linux has therefore
been removed.

PRM_PAR and prm_par.h are now generated by make-prm-par.c, based on
the contents of as many of float.h, limits.h and stdint.h as are available.
